Fixed registerJs and registerCss Blocks in PHP 8 (#39)
yiisoft/yii2-smarty: CHANGELOG.md

2.0.10 under development
------------------------

> - Bug #39: Fix `registerJs` and `registerCss` Blocks in PHP 8 (simialbi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #39: Fixed fetching View constant values for `registerJs` and `registerCss` blocks in PHP 8 (simialbi)
```
